Hello, freak. Yeah. And I think I learned from that experience,
I enjoyed the experience of being on ecstasy,
but the comedown was just way too brutal. I was like, this is not good for you.
I think like chemicals, that manmade stuff that doesn't exist in nature that,
or, you know, LSD sort of does and Hawaiian baby Woodrow seeds and some,
some other things you can actually give, reduce track the GHB. No,
I heard that's, I heard that is really dangerous. I,
I O D I was in a coma. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What happened? I,
I took was the out, but so it's so dumb when I did, I took,
I took ecstasy and then I was having some drinks,
like I probably had like four or five drinks, which is, you know,
like liquor grapes. Right. Like, and then I was like,
I don't feel this ecstasy at all. This guy called you, by the way,
I'm a freshman in college. So 19, 19. Yeah.
So then he's like, I got,
he's got a gallon of GHB in the back now you're supposed to take, uh,
like if you take a four, you take like a water cap. Yeah. That's,
that's what we did. We would take it like this.
You'd pour it into that and just that's it. And then that's it. Yeah. Well,
he has a milk jug, so he gives it to me and I'm like, and he's like, here,
just take a swig. Well, and when I look back on it, I realize what I did to,
it was just like, out of like, not wanting to be rude, basically.
Like politeness almost killed me is that I open it. And I can't, you couldn't,
it's too heavy to like, you know, a milk jug just is like a thin little cap.
Right. You can't fill it. So you're trying to like, well, how much?
So I realized I went like this and I realized there's too much in my mouth.
There's there's six capitals in my mouth. Oh no.
So I'm not gonna spit it in what he's going to sell. If I spit it out,
it's like, I'm spitting $50 on the ground. Oh my God.
And I give it back to him.
What kind of an has a milk jug of GHB around his house.
And then I continue drinking.
And that's the one thing about GHB is you're you're not supposed to have any
alcohol with it. Like not even a drink. So you black out, you go into a coma.
Yeah. Who say, what do you mean? I,
I remember all the way up until like moments before blacking out.
Like I was hanging out. I was, I realized that I was like, highest. Like,
like PERMA grin, like, ah, and just like, like when, like we should hang out,
man, like buying drinks for like just being a.
And then I remember I sat down and uh,
and then I blacked out and my sister was at this bar. We were all at a bar.
And my sister was like, he, like, everyone was like, just let him sleep it off.
And she's the one that called the, uh, the ambulance,
like they had to, you know, and then I woke up with like tubes and all kinds of.
Yeah. It sucked. It was really suck. Don't overdose on GHB. It's not fun.
Be rude. Be rude. Spit that out. Put it on the ground, man.
Yeah. I've never with that stuff. I've never with cocaine heroin.
Here's the thing too about GHB. Is that in its real natural form, like when,
what it really is, it's like, you know, it can be regulated. It's used like,
as an anesthetic in, in, in like parts of Europe.
But when you buy it from like street level people,
it's obviously it's with like, people will spike it with anything.
Even if they didn't spike it, you drank so much of it. Right? Oh yeah.
I would've been if, um, but still they used to sell that at GNC. Right.
It used to be for bodybuilders body to recover. And that was kind of the,
the thing, like when you, when, when we started,
like I used to sample it and stuff, you would use dudes.
It was under the guise of like, well, I'm lifting weights, you know?
Like I gotta get strong. It's up. I'm lifting weight, lifting weights. Oh,
that's hilarious.
Those shows made like the honeymooners. That's a window into another time. Yeah,
sure. They watching Lucille ball watching the honeymooners,
the honeymooners every week.
Ralph Kramden with threatened to beat the out of his wife. Yeah. That's true.
Not just occasionally every week.
He would like to the moon. Yeah.
He would talk about punching her in the face and knocking her to the moon.
She deserved it, but it stopped me. Just stop.
And think about like culturally, how crazy people were. It's not that long ago.
We need to understand what a giant change has happened
in our culture.
And I think one of the best ways to really document it is to watch old shows,
watch what they, what they excepted back then and watch what they accept today.
There's a newspaper.
Article. I just saw from somebody posted it,
I think on Twitter. And it was,
it was the, they polled guy. It was an old newspaper article.
They pulled guys whether it's okay to spank a woman and
the answers they pulled like five or six guys. It was an old article.
And they were all like, absolutely. Like she needs it. If she,
if she's out of line and she doesn't know she's doing it,
just trying to help her. And this was a newspaper thing where they were like,
see guys. Yeah. It was to make you feel okay about spanking yearly.
I tweeted that. Oh, you tweeted that? Yeah. Okay. I don't know.
I just saw an article.
Well, I might've retweeted it, but either way I definitely tweeted it.
I thought that was hilarious. Yeah. If a woman needs it,
should she be spanked the best part about it was rich. Read it. Let's read.
Yeah. It's so funny. Why not? Jesus Christ.
If they don't know how to behave by the time they're adults,
they should be treated like children and spanked that ought to make them grow up
in a hurry. If it doesn't at first they'll soon. Get the idea.
This is incredible. I get the idea. I, yes.
When they deserve it as a barber, I've got a lot of faith in the hairbrush.
Oh my God.
I think there are certain cases when it is advisable. When it is.
There's no reason why you shouldn't go right ahead and do it.
I can't knock the idea in my business.
A man sets a lot of store of sets,
a lot of store by the results he can get with a hairbrush properly applied.
Nice little smack. Now here's the counterpoint though. Sets a lot of stores.
Maybe that's a business term back then. That's a lot of store.
Are you ready for the counterpoint? Yes. There is none. Everybody. Yeah.
Yeah. That's incredible.
That's the best part is everybody takes the point of view because this guy
parking lot attendant from Brooklyn. You Betty Galella you bet.
You bet it teaches him. Who's boss. A lot of women tend to forget.
This is a man's world.
And a lot of men who stepped down as boss of a family wished they hadn't
spanking might help get back. Some of the respect, they lost. Look at Teddy.
Look at them as Joey Diaz, his cousin listen, spank them.
If they want it. William Davis, what is Williamson? He's a toy factory owner.
Yes. Most of them have it coming to them. Anyway.
If they don't, it will remind them of how well off they are.
I subscribed to the theory that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Holy. Look at him. Look at that evil looking.
It looks like Rutger house brother. Wow. Does he look like Rutger?
Hauer and Robert de Niro. That looks evil. Man.
Think that one a Holtzman. Oh yeah.
He does a little like Holsman imagine that guy spanking your wife.
Let's see what the other people does. That last one. Yep.
That's awesome. Well, did you check out my special bombing episode?
No. You told me about it.
We were talking about it before the podcast and we it's funny.
We're all like almost three hours in. We were going to mention it two hours in,
um, what the happened? You were up in, uh, Winnipeg. I was going to Winnipeg.
I was um, doing this club that I've done many times called rumors.
It's an old club. It's a good club. And it was a Saturday night.
And instead of like regular comedy club crowd,
it happened to be like private event.
People like a group of 80 was doing their corporate party.
You know what I mean?
So it wasn't like it wasn't individuals buying one and two.
Tickets, giant group.
Giant groups. So there was like three groups. One was like 80 and one was 60.
So you don't like, it's more like you're doing a corporate,
like you're doing a private event, you know? And I talk, I break it down.
If you, if you want to listen to it's episode 1 70,
2 of your mom's house. And I play the audio from this thing,
falling off the rails. And I mean, it is like,
there was a lady who worked at the club.
She's been there 20 years and she told me, she goes, I've never seen like that.
Even close to that before what happened. It was, I mean,
I think it's like a combination of things happening
to make it fall apart. That way basically I went up there.
I had one guy in the front row who I, you know,
when you just hate somebody and you fixate on them because like this one guy who
was like kinda mumbling talking, tagging my, everything I saw, no, he's like,
yeah, I bet you'd like that. And you're like, what, what did you just say?
One of those guys who I, absolutely lost my.
I didn't lose my on him, but I kind of tried to straighten them out.
And then there was one of the groups,
one of the groups of like 50, 50,
60 people was like being super loud and like the first,
like really talking loud and I went to talk to them.
They were kind of like, just like, kind of about it.
And the thing is like, it's different when you,
when you do a regular show and you let's say you go after somebody or you go
after a table, you're just working on five people,
maybe, right. A group that like,
but then everybody else in that room has nothing to do with them. Right.
In this case, it was more like mob mentality where, when I was like, Hey,
go yourself. Then the group is like talking to us.
Yeah. Not, you're not saying I was just talking to them.
You're talking to my group of 80. So then it was like, no, you.
Like, but in, in unison, there's all of them. And then it just went.
Then I tried to put it back on the rails, which I was like, I'm sure I can,
I've done this a thousand times. Let me put this back together. you,
man. Like, it was like, dude,
they were booing in unison for like 15.
20 Minutes, the 80 people.
At this point, it was more than their groups.
So it was probably 200 people doing that. Oh my.
God. So is there group and then other groups chimed in,
so bullying you two unrelated groups. Yes.
Yes. Wow. Oh, it was pretty crazy. And then they're like, bring back the,
I had a black feature act to like bring back the black guy,
screaming that screaming at man. And it went and I here's the thing.
I resigned to the fact that it was so crazy. It was less emotional.
I, and I talk about this on that episode, then your standard bombing,
like when you're bombing an irregular bond where it's just not going your way
and you start to sweat and you're like, man, this sucks. Chewing up here.
But like, and that, and that like emotionally affects you.
This was different in that I felt like their response to
me was so outrageous.
Like I felt like it was unwarranted how upset they were that it affected me
less. Like I was just standing up there. I was like, all right, guys here,
ready for some more jokes as they're booing me, you know, like,
not as I wasn't as flustered as I've been during a.
Race. Real bomb. Yes. So you were just dealing with a giant group of yes.
Of cons. Yes. Swimming through your pond. Yeah, exactly.
And why didn't the club do something about that? That's that's the only part.
I, I, cause I take responsibility. I'm not, I try to make it clear on that.
On that episode that like,
I'd take responsibility for yelling at a guy for insulting people.
Like I'm saying, I put it on myself that I made things go downhill.
The club takes responsibility for kind of not really
policing. And they like, the one part is I tried to,
I told a guy that he had to go. I was like, you have to go, you're gone.
See you later. And you know, I've done that before.
Sometimes you have to do that. Like you're outta here, man. Right.
And then they were like, the club came and taught and they're like,
just give him another chance. He's going to be good. Now when I was like,
I've already thrown them out. Like there's no, we're not negotiating now.
Right. So the club asked to keep the guy there. Yes.
So that part of that, I don't know. But they, they now realize that that was up.
Uh, like I've talked to them and they're like, that was, that was.
Some people you can give a second chance. I've I've most likely,
most of the time I've asked clubs to lead people along like the other. Okay.
They're okay. They just don't do that. And he'll say to them, like,
you can't yell out just too confusing. Bunch.
Of times. Like he's okay. Right. But this time though,
the difference was this time I was saying, get them out. Yeah.
What was he saying to you while this was going on? He was.
It was the, he was the mumbler, the tower, like,
so we had our first interaction. We had another interaction.
I think the third time I said something to him, I was like,
what the did you say? I forget exactly what he said. And then I was like, oh,
you're a tough guy. And he's like, do you want to step outside and find out?
And I was like, you can go outside. Cause you're out of here. You're done.
Get out of my show. It's my show. You're out of here. And they were like, what?
And his table, he goes, we all go and go great. Have a great night,
get the outta here. I don't need you here. That's when the,
the crowd was the problem, we felt like we were discussing what happened.
I was talking about it with the club.
The guy is that a lot of people in that room
didn't hear what he was saying.
So they thought I was just attacking a guy for no reason. Right.
That makes sense. But I still.
I tell you, I was an that night, but.
That's, you know, the guy was clearly, he was instigating it.
Yeah. He was a. He was a real kind of a guy. And I didn't like him at all.
And you know, I don't think that like, like I always say,
I,
I don't have to be like pleasing to the different,
like I, you know, I'm there doing comedy. You came to see my standup,
if you want, if you're not liking it, that's cool.
But if you try to take over the room.
Well, it's not just taking over the room. It's interfering. Yeah.
It's interfering, interfering with the performance and it's,
there's hundreds of other that have to deal with the fact that you have to deal
with this guy. It just it's, it's all in how to do it and not lose your cool.
And when you lose your cool. Yeah. So it's a, it's a bad scene.
Terrible feeling too. It's crazy.
And the audio is insane. I mean,
you've probably not heard a bombing like that. Yeah. It's a different,
it's not like a standard bombing. I mean, there's,
there's a lot of aggression from the crowd on it. And how does it end? Well,
the best part and the only I, cause I also was bummed at myself for not,
I was like, I, you know, you know, you always look at moments where you're like,
I wish I had said something funny or here, this was an opportunity to be funny.
I really, you know, so I was like a lot of it. I was like, I was like, ah,
you know, I really, they won. Like they, they defeated me. I was like,
but the only funny thing I said was like,
at one point the manager came up to the stage and he was like, are you okay?
Like he was checking out. He came on stage and was like, cause it was so crazy.
And there he's like, all right. I was like, yeah. And he was like,
do you want to keep going? I was like, yeah.
And.
He's like, okay. So he leaves and they're like, yeah, that's right.
Get the F you think he's telling me, get off stage. Right. And I go, I go,
he asked me if you guys wanted me to bring back the other guy and
they go, yeah, like they scream. Yes. And I go, I told him,
you guys want more of me. So here I am for more jokes. And they're like.
But they go.
So they go so crazy. Yeah. These.
Are Canadians too. Yeah. They go people ever.
But in the very end, the lady who was running the,
one of the private events that night, like she brought her group there.
She was in tears. She was crying and they brought her on stage.
They were like, she wants to say something. And I was like, okay.
Cause my plan was just stay here the entire time, no matter what,
talk about recipes that you want to try and just don't phase them. Right.
She gets up there and she's like, please, I, you know,
I've done fundraisers here. Like I really wanted this to be a good night.
And I see like how, like she's a right way affected by this.
Please give him the respect of like some, just your, your time and like,
just let him talk. And they're like, it's too late for that. it. Like,
they're going crazy. Oh right. And she's, and I see her like, just like,
she's defeated. It's like someone was beating her up. Right. You know?
And I was like, oh my God. I go, you know what?
This is 35 minutes in to,
what's supposed to be like a 50, 55 minute set.
So there's 20 minutes to go. I was like, you know what? Um, I don't,
I want her to have a fun night. She like, she like, it affected me,
but she was so I was like, I'll tell you what,
because you're a nice lady and blah, blah, blah. I go,
I'll bring back the black guy.
So I brought the black guy back on stage and they went, it was like I said,
ladies and gentlemen, Chris, hell yeah. He anyway crazy. Wow. I was like,
dude, it's all you. And he was like, oh my God.
Can't believe people actually liked black people here. Like he was so excited.
Does he have any more material? Yeah. Yeah. He had me,
he had his name and I should give him credit too. His name is, uh, tricks.
That's his whole name? Yes. Like silly rabbit.
Tricks are for kids. Yeah. Wow. But I mean like, you know, he goes,
guys can pull that off. They can pull like that off it's T R I double X,
I think so.
That's on what episode of your mom's house? 1 72. All.
Right. It's um, it's a, it's a, it's a fun episode.
So you did for putting that audio up, it takes balls.
Man. I was trying to, yeah. There's tricks. He did a good job, man.
I totally give him credit. Cool. If there's that site, that site that like,
I go to sometimes for that, like, can I handle this, the effect, you know?
And you look at it and you're like necessary. Yeah.
Can look at it. We get submissions from.
People, send in their stuff all the time. Sometimes I'm like,
that's crazy and something. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I can't handle it.
That's my pucker. I do.
Like the, uh, fart stuff. Like some guy said
a girl. Yeah. It was a guy and his nose was wet,
firmly in this girl's butt crack. And then she saran wrapped his hair.
But I mentioned.
To the parents and she walked around the kitchen and she's like,
turn the sink on. And just farting.
And she's party. He's like, she's like, yeah, you like those dirty parts? Huh?
Yeah.
I like anything was saran wrap. is funny. Lunch, sack lunch.
There's this guy that has saran wrap diaper on. And he just,
the camera just pans to him.
And he spreads his cheeks and fills it with diarrhea.
Wrap is so funny. It's so, but it's good.
Just like find me funny. I just it's the sound.
It's the timing.
It fills up fast.
Pans in just to the right.
And then it turns ever so slightly in the spread and the sound.
This is something about someone relishing a woman's farts, like hold the gods,
the cheeks. Oh yeah.
About it for awhile. And then B people wrote.
It, people wrote in that were into it, you know? Cause we were like, tell us.
And then they would tell us, they were like, yeah,
it goes back to like a pretty girl making something dirty, you know?
So it's like, oh my God.
I'm so embarrassed of what I did.
So they, this guy he wrote in that, he was like my, uh, now his girl,
his fiance, like, you know, knows. And his colon, like whenever she has to fart,
she calls him over and he gets so excited.
He loves it loves come.
On. How strange people, people are so strange.
The variabilities of what people are attracted to. It's just, it's so bizarre.
Yeah. Well you see like people that are into people that are so beast,
they can't get off the couch. There's guys that are turned on by that feeders.
Feeding community. Love that.
Watch them. And then there's girls who they have.
That's a whole business for them is like, they set up a camera and they're like,
oh, I ate cheese and cookies today. And then you, they just,
you get to watch them, you know, gain weight should have done.
That's their whole thing.
I'm at done that. Like it's a great way to make comedies. Dennis.
Is my brain to make a living. You should have jokes. Just. Yeah.
That'd be awesome. I just, the idea of saran wrap a guy's head here.
So great. Larry. So funny. So is this guy crawling around as she does her stuff?
It's in the kitchen or follows. He.
Needs those like sliders on his knees. It's a really.
Good idea. We should suggest this board maybe. And we've played a lot of a.
I'm going to email this guy. Well, I have these.
Omni-directional sliders that are work out with, I do abs with them.
You know this slide, you can do it this way. Remember the climbers with them.
I do all kinds of different. Yeah. You can put those on the guy's name.
Just fart and we're all around the house. Hardwood floor.
Have you seen king Ash rippers work? Um, excuse me.
What is that? There's a lot offered him money and he won't.
Yes. Just because he's such a creative guy. Wait, are you talking.
To me? Maybe the great job. Your powers.
Kicking, ripper ripper, Harry and gross.
The Lord of all farts and gluttony. He makes videos. No of himself.
Tim king asked her, please give me some.
That's still moving.
There's no real. Oh, go to ribbon. Massive farts.
Hold on. Oh, because he has an Opus. What's up with his pants. Yeah, he does.
It's getting brown in there. 199,000 is how many?
Good standup.
Bits online of 199,000. It's not mine.
[Inaudible]
this is like, no about him. We've studied his work forever.
Looking at brown is good back there.
Obviously, as they're making money, I mean, from this,
he should be making millions of ads. He's gotta be making money if it's like,
it's got this many, not a ton, but so does he have ads? I like that.
He's just checking everyday ads. No,
he likes to stage the scene with
it's like he's got marks in his underwear drawer, dude.
He's got some that are so brown. That's clearly
here's a Christmas one too.
Harry Gross slob is his yeah. He, oh my God.
Look at what he videos he has with Honduras is so many.
This one is not much sausage gravy, Gluck as heel pizza,
watch you get to watch a meat.
Throw up. It's hard to watch.
So live is coming to the surface, his Christmas one
Christmas, special.
Special. We, uh, uh,
we found it on his cause his live leak account is he has a lot on live leak
from YouTube.
Because YouTube will take him down. So lively. It's just not apparently.
Maybe he gets flagged a lot and a.
Lively lively. It's like, bring it on dude. So his mom sees it. What is you?
What is my son being
mothering? Mothering. We we're talking a lot about, um,
crazy mothers. Yeah.
Oh over-parenting yeah. This is a divergent.
He wasn't parenting this.
Guy B was too much. Maybe this is like rebellion, right?
Hates mommy. Imagine if his mom finds out about this.
I think he lives at home still because we've studied the videos.
And it seems as though these are like prior to that
location, there was one that was just a bedroom in a basement.
And I think he actually did live with his folks.
And we've deduced that this might be like a fetish thing because it's glutton
me and then farts. And he won't answer any of.
Our tweets. We had people.
Just bombard him with email.
Cause he put an email in one and we will on our show where like everybody,
even unlike no.
Response, know if you could get to the bottom of this, we'd really appreciate.
It because I'm terrified. One day he'll be in here.
And the farting in my ergonomic chairs.
The family,
the family thing also is because on the Christmas one you can tell it's a family
home and there's stockings up. And he farts in every stocking.
And then he goes, that's what you get.
From king ripper for Mary dang ripper.
He's.
Probably going to die. He probably has something wrong with his colon.
That's an interesting theory too. And.
People have also, um, like brought about the theory that he is,
uh, doing that pushing air in there, you know, using it's cheating.
Like he's cheating, like filling himself with air and then fighting it.
Cause there's, you know, edits each fart.
You assume that he can't fart rapid fire that loud. I mean,
you you'd have to be some sort of a bag of.
Wind like a bag, right? Like.
Cause sometimes I mean regular fresh, like, oh, I don't know.
Can you tell me your fart smell? Like sounded like last night I thought.
Yesterday, you know,
when you stay away from seafood for awhile and then you reintroduce it,
there's bacteria in like, you know, it's different than shellfish and sushi.
And I, I, I thought when I guess they, when I farted,
it sounded like somebody was throwing up.
Like the frog sounded like a guy going.
You know, I I've only shaved my once in my life. But once I did,
oh my God, my fart sounded so different. Really? Oh, they're.
All like wet and sloppy. It's a hair, different.
The hair and your literally changes the way you fart, smell or sound rather.
Right. Smell this, smell the same. But they sound different
was like stop slop.
Something tells me king Asher, doesn't shave. That's a whole new area.
He can get into monster that guy.
No, he doesn't have a girlfriend.
Girlfriend. No, there's no.
He scrapes up his YouTube like add video money.
Then, then he gets a and she's.
Far it's on her. It's like, no, I hate it. You loser.
My videos of [inaudible].
No you don't. I don't have the internet shut up.
What the that's someone's babies from when I was a little baby thinking that
your son, your son could be our son for sure. Could be our son,
my very close to like take the throne for new, the new king
hell to the new king to go toe to toe. I hope.
I hope he takes it from the one day to the next level. Yeah. Maybe it's like,
what is it about farts that are so.
Hilarious? It's the best. It's they're never not funny.
They're never not entertaining. Cause they're so taboo.
You're never supposed to do them in front of strangers. The smell,
the sound everything's sublime.
The people that love them versus don't like it.
I think that's all rooted in if your household was okay with farts or not it's
class.
And we had none growing up. So that's why we're Euro trash. So we loved farts.
Poopies.
Hawks. Was it talked about in your house? Was it?
No, no, no. My house was lacking in any sense of humor.
Really? Yeah. No one was funny. No one, no one's funny.
No one had any never everyone was like, don't be a loser. Stop being a loser.
Really stopped being a loser dummy. It was always, you're gonna be a loser.
Your grades suck. You're going to be a loose.
Let's get, I'm still coughing from the fart sublime parts. Um.
I literally almost threw up when he was eating the,
when he was eating dogs and the sausage and the gravy,
like saliva was coming to the surface in my throat. Now you.
Should see the one. Sometimes he farts on what he's going to eat.
He's like five
little Debbie's 12 of them. And then you're like, all right.
And he turns around, he's like Mo fart.
On them. And then he eats them.
He's got to be eating some of his own. Right? The particles, there's a video.
Where he gets up bucket of KFC and dips every fried piece in
Mayo and eats it.
[Inaudible] Google search that guy.
That's so crazy. That is all.
Wrong. In every way I do.
Kind of look, there was a time where our listeners thought that I might.
Get this away. Him, James literally almost threw up.
There's a, there is one. We won't describe anything.
There's nothing gross about this description. But one time,
cause he's the eater. He's like,
I got eight sausage,
egg McMuffins and then he's, he's, he's tallying it.
And he's like are 250 calories.
And then I got egg and cheese, uh, 300 calories.
Nine of those, you do the math
because he wants you to know how many calories he's eating.
But he's not that fat. It's just, no, God.
Yeah, just good God on him. It's not like he's,
he doesn't have some sort of Ralphie may thing going on with like remarkably,
sadly, that guy.
Lives his life. Like absolute every day. And I'm fatter than him. But
he definitely does not give a ever. And he's not that out of shape.
But you think that's an act. I mean, maybe he's like, yeah.
Some customer service representative for like Toyo tires or something. Yeah.
You know.
What, Joe? I might agree.
Have I not watched many of his films and gone over the data,
the footage for about a year we've we've had like a long time with.
He claims to be in Michigan. By the way he claims to be a Michigan guy.
How long has he been doing this? A few years.
So do you think he tentatively dipped him his toes into the pool of
asphalt videos? Or did he just decide he's the king? He calls himself.
Yeah. From the jump though. I mean,
did you go back to the library earlier videos where he's.
Like, I challenge anybody to fart. Like I can't like.
He's really, he owns it. You know.
He farts on his hairs.
On all his haters shows his face too. He didn't.
That guy gets recognized. Yes.
Do you think that he like one day he's at golden corral and.
Then like, that's you you're the king getting shrimp?
Nibblers I, I think I'm going to go out on a limb here.
I'm going to go out on the lemon thing and say that.
I don't know if he's all mentally. Well, I think.
I would take it a big leap. I.
Think if you do a pro you like your king and he's like, oh, like.
Pardon my face, please, sir, your grace. I would like to go at.
Him serious and be like, dude, I can fart bigger than you any day like that,
you know? And have them be like, oh yeah, I'm the king dude name a spot. Well,
what.
If you can only fight on his own? What if like if you challenge him,
he just locks up. It's interesting. Yeah. Maybe get stage fright.
Wow. That's why he does it all alone in his kitchen on a stage somewhere.
And he doesn't respond to the emails. Let me ask you this.
If that guy put on a show somewhere, like he had a small club,
like he's in Chicago, like some hundred 50 Cedars. Yeah.
Do you think he could fill a place?
You think you'd get a hundred people in there? I would endorse that.
I can make some money. If he could fart like that all the time.
He can make some money.
I mean, that's why I'd like him to contact us.
We can have him open for your mom's house podcast.
Live. Yeah. No, you couldn't eat on your microphone.
Sorry. No. And you try to clean it up and do your show.
Sorry to throw.
Up. I'm starting to throw. Everybody would get so. Oh,
we thought it was going to be cool. It's got everywhere.